_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Motto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

announcements:
  enabled: true # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: 5 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

latest_posts:
  enabled: true
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---

Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

Updated homepage (about.md) with lab intro and AI focus

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: Home # Changed from 'about' to 'Home' for the homepage title
permalink: / # This page is the root/homepage

# Optional: Replace placeholder subtitle or remove it entirely
# subtitle: Statistical Genomics & Precision Health at MD Anderson

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg # Keep your profile picture here
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: > # <-- **** UPDATE THIS INFO ****
    <p>7007 Bertner Avenue, Unit 1689r</p> # Replace with actual office number
    <p>Department of Biostatistics</p>
    <p>The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center</p>
    <p>Houston, TX USA</p> # Add City, State, ZIP if desired

selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page (pulls from _config.yml)

announcements:
  enabled: true # includes a list of news items from _news folder
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: 5 # leave blank or adjust to show more/fewer news items

latest_posts:
  enabled: false # **** Set to false to disable the blog section ****
  scrollable: true
  limit: 3
---





\## Welcome to the Wu Research Group <!-- Optional: Add lab logo here if you have one --> <!-- ![Wu Lab Logo](/assets/img/your_lab_logo.png){:width="150px"} --> We are a research group led by **Dr. Chong Wu** in the **Department of Biostatistics at The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center**. Our mission is to develop and utilize cutting-edge statistical methodologies and computational algorithms to analyze complex genetic and genomic data. **Our Research Focus:** *   **Method Development:** We create novel approaches tailored for genome-wide association studies (GWAS), DNA methylation, human microbiome, gene expression, and proteomic data analysis. Our expertise spans statistical genetics, causal inference, statistical learning, machine learning, and deep learning. *   **Understanding Disease Etiology:** A key goal is identifying putative causal biomarkers (genes, CpG sites, proteins) to unravel the genetic underpinnings of complex diseases like pancreatic cancer, prostate cancer, and Alzheimer's disease. *   **Advancing Precision Medicine:** We aim to enhance risk prediction models by integrating multi-omics data, ultimately contributing to more personalized healthcare strategies. *   **AI for Science:** We are actively exploring the frontiers of **Artificial Intelligence in scientific discovery**. This includes developing and applying **DNA foundation models** for downstream tasks like gene expression prediction, leveraging **Large Language Models (LLMs)** to predict cancer treatment outcomes, and utilizing AI approaches for **drug discovery**. **Commitment to Reproducibility:** We strongly believe in reproducible research and open science. We develop and maintain several software tools (primarily R packages) and their documentation to facilitate the use of our methods by the wider research community. Feel free to browse our [research findings](/publications/) and check out our [software resources](/software/). <!-- **** UPDATE these links if your page permalinks are different **** -->
